WHAT IT DOES
Consists of two parts. The first part, video pauser, is activated by clicking the "Get Video Time" button. It pauses the currently running video and pops up a URL that stores the values of the video's current time and source. The URL can be copied and the popup dismissed by pressing CTRL-C + ENTER (Windows) or CMD-C + ENTER (Mac).
The second part, playback resumer, is activated by clicking the "Resume Playback at Timestamp" button. It will resume playback of the video specified in the URL at the time specified in the URL. This requires a URL generated by the video pauser. If given an invalid URL (i.e. a URL not generated by video pauser)
, it will in most circumstances do nothing.

There is also an additional button for running CS50 2X. This program adds options to the video to run at different speeds by replacing the video's built-in player with a new player of its own. More importantly, on sites other than youtube.com, NONE OF THE AFOREMENTIONED PROGRAMS WORK UNLESS CS50 2X HAS PREVIOUSLY BEEN RUN ON THE WEBSITE.

SUPPORTED SITES
isites.harvard.edu, youtube.com. These sites have been extensively tested, and the program should work on them. The program has not been tested on other websites, and it may not work properly. 
This extension should work on most websites that use the HTML5 video tag (e.g. <video src="..." ...></video>), but this is not guaranteed (see KNOWN BUGS below).

KNOWN BUGS
To use either module (video pauser or playback resumer), you must first run CS50 2X unless the site was youtube.com. On youtube, both modules work whether or not CS50 2X had been run.
When the "Get Video Time" button is clicked, it will not copy the URL directly to the clipboard, but rather pop up a dialog box with the URL. You must press CTRL-C or CMD-C + ENTER in order to copy the URL. If you did not want to copy it, press ENTER, or click OK or CANCEL.
You cannot tamper with the URL generated by the video pauser; especially, you cannot add anything (e.g. extra options, etc.) to the end of the URL. This also means that if the URL is automatically modified upon load (e.g. page redirects), this program may fail to function effectively.
The webpage must support additional PHP options, e.g. ...x=abc&y=123... If it does not, the URL outputted from the video pauser will not work, and will likely break the webpage. An example of this is cs50.harvard.edu.
If CS50 2X does not work, chances are this extension won't work either (since in most cases CS50 2X will need to be run before this extension can work).
This extension will not work on webpages that use iframes (<iframe src="..." ...></iframe>) to store their videos.
Specially crafted URLs can break this extension from working; do not tamper with the URLs of websites before using this extension.